Note that props can be accessed in template directly (#487)
vuejs/docs-next: src/guide/composition-api-setup.md

## Usage with Templates

> If `setup` returns an object, the properties on the object can be accessed in the component's template, as can the properties of the `props` passed in to `setup`:

Reviewer: **nitpick**: small wording change
```suggestion
If `setup` returns an object, the properties on the object can be accessed in the component's template, as well as the properties of the `props` passed into `setup`:
```
